THE LINK BELLOW HAS THE DIAGRAM OF THE WEB INFRASTRUCTURE

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZZ4c7apHP6ukK0Ef_lmw82Bkxk23J7TJ/view?usp=sharing


What is a server
	This a computer device design to store data  process and provides these relevant data to users 





What is the role of a domain name
	
The domain name in a raw context bridges the gap between human
and computers. Computer understand numbers(binary) but this
can be hard for humans who are much more comfortable with words.
So domain name are purely for humans for the need to remember the
website instead of numbers. This domain name is then converted to
numbers(IP Address) by the Domain Name System(DNS) for computers to
understand.
A domain name makes it easier to remember the address of a specific computer on the network for human since computer are identify on the network with ip addresses



What type of DNS record WWW is in www.foobar.com
	It is a CNAME(carnonical name) DNS record


What is the roles of a web server
	 A web server is a combination of software and hardware that work together to receive and respond to HTTP requests to client also they do  process the requests
	he web server accepts http request sent from clients.
The main job of a web server is to display website content through
storing, processing and delivering webpages to users. Besides HTTP,
web servers also support SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) and FTP
(File Transfer Protocol), used for email, file transfer and storage.
This content could be static web pages or dynamically created or it can
be generated at the time of the request (dynamic content) by another
program that communicates with the server software.



What is the role of application Server

	The application server provides business logic behind any application.
It often serves as the middle man between the web sever and the database
server. It accepts request from the webserver, collects the information
need from the datebase, returns it back to the webserver to inturn return
to the client.


What is the role  of database
	This facilitates the storage and the querrying of the data once requests are recieved from a client machine creating a dynamic web site




What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website


There exist an http response and request communication through the TCP/IP
protocal this assigns ports to servvices being  provided
The server is using TCP/IP (Transfer Control Protocal /Internet Protocol)




You must be able to explain what the issues are with this infrastructure: 	
SPOF(Single Point of Failure ) => only one server is setup in case it goes
of the all system won't work while the client may be in the session


Downtime when maintenance needed (like deploying new code web server needs to be restarted)

Also when maintainance is need to be done such such as deploying new code,
we have a big problem on our hand because the server will need to be restarted
and this may lead to loss of information for clients who are in session in case they 
want to request data from the server:

Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic
Yes since there is no load banlacer if the site is loaded with many clients the web server 
will be very slow thus creating a waste for the clients 


